RHDEVDOCS 6462 Pipelines 1.15.3 Release Notes (#93667)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-release-notes-1-15.adoc

* Before this update, in the web console, if you enabled the {pipelines-shortname} console plugin, when starting a pipeline you could not select the storage class for the volume claim template, because the *StorageClass* list was not present in the *VolumeClaimTemplate* options. With this update, you can select the storage class for the volume claim template.

* Before this update, if you used {pac}, the list of pipeline runs did not display correctly in the *Repository details* page of the web console. With this update, the list of pipeline runs displays correctly.

[id="release-notes-1-15-3_{context}"]
== Release notes for {pipelines-title} General Availability 1.15.3

> With this update, {pipelines-title} General Availability (GA) 1.15.3 is available on {OCP} 4.14 and later versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this update, {pipelines-title} General Availability (GA) 1.15.3 is available on {OCP} 4.12, 4.14 and later versions.
```
We are supporting 1.15.3 from 4.12 as its a EUS but 4.13 we skipped as its Out OF support

[id="fixed-issues-1-15-3_{context}"]
=== Fixed issues

> * Before this update, the pipeline controller could stop working when a matrix task had no `TaskRun` CR to execute. With this update, the pipeline controller performs validation of a matrix task, and when the a `TaskRun` CR is not present, the resulting `ResolvedTask` task is nil and the controller performs no further validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the pipeline controller could stop working when a matrix task had no `TaskRun` CR to execute. With this update, the pipeline controller performs validation of a matrix task, and when the `TaskRun` CR is not present, the resulting `ResolvedTask` task is nil and the controller performs no further validation.
```

> * Before this update, the pipeline controller could stop working when a matrix task had no `TaskRun` CR to execute. With this update, the pipeline controller performs validation of a matrix task, and when the `TaskRun` CR is not present, the resulting `ResolvedTask` task is nil and the controller performs no further validation.

Author: disagree about the commas as I think this is similar to the "The message includes an error code and is displayed in three languages" example. Fixing the other.

> * Before this update, if you used the `buildah` task that is shipped in the `openshift-pipelines` namespace and specified an entitlement secret, {pipelines-shortname} logged a `permission denied` error. By default, the task expected `ReadWrite` permissions on all directories, however, it used the entitlement secret as a volume and this secret is mounted with `ReadOnly` permissions. With this update, the expected permissions are corrected and you can use the `buildah` task successfully without a permissions error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Before this update, if you used the `buildah` task shipped in the `openshift-pipelines` namespace and specified an entitlement secret, {pipelines-shortname} logged a `permission denied` error. By default, the task expected `ReadWrite` permissions on all directories. However, it used the entitlement secret as a volume, and this secret was mounted with `ReadOnly` permissions. With this update, the expected permissions are corrected, and you can use the `buildah` task successfully without a permission error.
```
https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#_bug_fix - past tense for the problem

https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=punctuation-commas#commas-between-clauses

> * Before this update, if you used the `buildah` task shipped in the `openshift-pipelines` namespace and specified an entitlement secret, {pipelines-shortname} logged a `permission denied` error. By default, the task expected `ReadWrite` permissions on all directories. However, it used the entitlement secret as a volume and this secret was mounted with `ReadOnly` permissions. With this update, the expected permissions are corrected and you can use the `buildah` task successfully without a permission error.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Before this update, if you used the `buildah` task, which was shipped in the `openshift-pipelines` namespace and specified an entitlement secret, {pipelines-shortname} logged a `permission denied` error. By default, the task expected `ReadWrite` permissions on all directories; however, the task used the entitlement secret as a volume and this secret was mounted with `ReadOnly` permissions. With this update, the expected permissions are corrected and you can use the `buildah` task successfully without a permission error.
```

Reviewer 3: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-conjunctions#subordinating-conjunctions

Reviewer 3: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=punctuation-semicolons#semicolons-between-independent-clauses

Reviewer 3: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-pronouns#ambiguous-pronoun-references

> * Before this update, during an upgrade of the {pipelines-title} version, automatic updates were enabled for the Chains component, even if you disabled them before. With this update, the setting for automatic updates for the Chains component does not change during a version upgrade.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Before this update, during an upgrade of the {pipelines-title} version, automatic updates were enabled for the Chains component, even if previously disabled. With this update, the  automatic updates setting for the Chains component does not change during a version upgrade.
```
https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#minimalism

> * Before this update, during an upgrade of the {pipelines-title} version, automatic updates were enabled for the Chains component, even if previously disabled. With this update, the setting for automatic updates setting for the Chains component does not change during a version upgrade.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Before this update, automatic updates were enabled for the Chains component during an upgrade of the {pipelines-title} version,  even if you had previously disabled the automatic updates . With this update, the automatic updates setting for the Chains component does not change during a version upgrade.
```

Reviewer 3: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-verbs#voice

Reviewer 3: The fix seems to be missing?

Reviewer 3: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#_bug_fix
